Feature: Email Validation with Mailosaur (#183)
anti-work/shortest: packages/shortest/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.1.2] - 2024-12-26

### Added  
- Added support for Mailosaur email validation
- Added email rendering feature in the browser
- Added sleep_milliseconds tool to add delays in the test execution
- Added more robust error handling for Mailosaur email validation

> 

Author: Updated the change logs to notify the end user about the changes in this version. Used the wording "Added" to imply that this version includes new features. Maybe we can come up with a better wording convention for our change logs to stay consistent.

Reviewer: Seems redundant to use `Added` for each bullet point when all the changes are of type `Added`. Also, the bullet points should use present tense.

What about this?

```suggestion
## [0.1.2] - 2024-12-26

### Added
- Mailosaur integration with error handling for email validation 
- Browser-based email preview functionality
- Test execution delay utility (sleep_milliseconds)
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed ^
